TITLE: Secret of the steel glass that kept Kejriwal alive
DATE: 2014-10-31 08:15:27
URL: https://drrakeshparikh.com/secret-steel-glass-kept-kejriwal-alive/
CATEGORIES: Andolan, Diabetes, Politics
WORD COUNT: 1511
IMAGES IN ORIGINAL: 1
YOUTUBE REFERENCES IN ORIGINAL: 0
LINKS IN ORIGINAL: 2

ORIGINAL TEXT SAMPLE:
Arvind Kejriwal, Manish Sisodia and Gopal Rai along with hundreds of volunteers sat on indefinite fast on 25th July 2012 demanding SIT against corrupt ministers. Kejriwal being a diabetic patient, lot of people were concerned about his decision to go for fast. He remained adamant in spite of thousands of volunteers and well wishers appealing him not to go for the fast. I being a diabetologist, knew that he is a bad patient, who had no faith in allopathic medicines and relies on naturopathy. For me he was already in a catabolic state, sugars being uncontrolled for a while, and was at a very high risk of ketosis if he goes for fast. I had to review literature to learn how to manage this situation when a diabetic patient goes for fast. There were a few reports of diabetic patients surviving hunger strike for long duration. I was in constant touch with him and was ready to be there at Jantar Mantar during this fast. Medical team looking after Arvind and others was led by Dr Atul Gupta (an Anesthesiologist) and Dr Vipin Mittal ( a dentist). Both were in touch with me on telephone, as I decided to stay back in Jaipur for first 3 days. A few of my collegues were on indefinite fast in Jaipur. 28th July 2012, I reached Jantar Mantar in the morning hours. I examined Arvind and reviewed his latest reports. As expected, he was already in ketosis. Sunitaji (Arvind's wife), Dr Mittal and Ransingh Arya (the naturopath) were with me and I being a specialist in Diabetes was explaining them about Arvind's medical condition and possible risks. For someone practicing allopathic medicine he was already in the state where he needs to be hospitalized, ketone levels being high, though he was looking quite fit and confident. There was no chance of Arvind agreeing to get hospitalized till he get

MIGRATED MARKDOWN SAMPLE:
---
title: "Secret of the steel glass that kept Kejriwal alive"
slug: "secret-steel-glass-kept-kejriwal-alive"
date: "2014-10-31"
originalUrl: "https://drrakeshparikh.com/secret-steel-glass-kept-kejriwal-alive/"
categories: ["Andolan", "Diabetes", "Politics"]
tags: ["arvind kejriwal", "kejriwal"]
legacyImages: false
---
Arvind Kejriwal, Manish Sisodia and Gopal Rai along with hundreds of volunteers sat on indefinite fast on 25th July 2012 demanding SIT against corrupt ministers. Kejriwal being a diabetic patient, lot of people were concerned about his decision to go for fast. He remained adamant in spite of thousands of volunteers and well wishers appealing him not to go for the fast.

I being a diabetologist, knew that he is a bad patient, who had no faith in allopathic medicines and relies on naturopathy. For me he was already in a catabolic state, sugars being uncontrolled for a while, and was at a very high risk of ketosis if he goes for fast.

I had to review literature to learn how to manage this situation when a diabetic patient goes for fast. There were a few reports of diabetic patients surviving hunger strike for long duration. I was in constant touch with him and was ready to be there at Jantar Mantar during this fast. Medical team looking after Arvind and others was led by Dr Atul Gupta (an Anesthesiologist) and Dr Vipin Mittal ( a dentist). Both were in touch with me on telephone, as I decided to stay back in Jaipur for first 3 days. A few of my collegues were on indefinite fast in Jaipur.

28th July 2012, I reached Jantar Mantar in the morning hours. I examined Arvind and reviewed his latest reports. As expected, he was already in ketosis. Sunitaji (Arvind's wife), Dr Mittal and Ransingh Arya (the naturopath) were with me and I being a specialist in Diabet
